org.pantheon.terminal.settings encoding ''
org.pantheon.terminal.settings foreground '#93a1a1'
org.pantheon.terminal.settings window-height 400
org.pantheon.terminal.settings window-width 640
org.pantheon.terminal.settings palette '#002b36:#dc322f:#859900:#b58900:#268bd2:#6c71c4:#2aa198:#93a1a1:#657b83:#dc322f:#859900:#b58900:#268bd2:#6c71c4:#2aa198:#fdf6e3'
org.pantheon.terminal.settings unsafe-paste-alert true
org.pantheon.terminal.settings tab-bar-behavior 'Always Show Tabs'
org.pantheon.terminal.settings cursor-shape 'I-Beam'
org.pantheon.terminal.settings background '#002b36'
org.pantheon.terminal.settings natural-copy-paste false
org.pantheon.terminal.settings opacity 89
org.pantheon.terminal.settings font 'Monaco for Powerline Bold 11'
org.pantheon.terminal.settings allow-bold true
org.pantheon.terminal.settings remember-tabs true
org.pantheon.terminal.settings alt-changes-tab true
org.pantheon.terminal.settings cursor-color '#eee8d5'
org.pantheon.terminal.settings save-exited-tabs true
org.pantheon.terminal.settings follow-last-tab false
org.pantheon.terminal.settings audible-bell false
org.pantheon.terminal.settings shell ''
org.pantheon.terminal.settings scrollback-lines 1000


for solarized terminal
